1. Class -- A Class is a group of object which have properties.
          It is a template or blueprint from which objects are created. 
          It is a logical entity. It can't be physical.
          It contains : Fields,Methods,Constructors,Blocks,Nested class and interface
          
2. Object-- An entity that has state and behavior is known as an object 
          e.g. chair, bike, marker, pen, table, car etc. It can be physical or logical.
          An object has three characteristics:
1.State: represents the data (value) of an object.
2.Behavior: represents the behavior (functionality) of an object such as deposit, withdraw, etc.
3.Identity: An object identity is typically implemented via a unique ID. The value of the ID is not visible to the external user. 
            However, it is used internally by the JVM to identify each object uniquely.
 
For Example, Pen is an object. Its name is Reynolds; color is white, known as its state. It is used to write, so writing is its behavior.

An object is an instance of a class. A class is a template or blueprint from which objects are created. So, an object is the instance(result) of a class.

Object Definitions:

An object is a real-world entity.
An object is a runtime entity.
The object is an entity which has state and behavior.
The object is an instance of a class.

3. Instance variable in Java
   A variable which is created inside the class but outside the method is known as an instance variable. 
   Instance variable doesn't get memory at compile time. It gets memory at runtime when an object or instance is created. 
   That is why it is known as an instance variable.
   
4. New Keyword
   The new keyword is used to allocate memory at runtime. All objects get memory in Heap memory area.
   
5.Method in Java
  In Java, a method is like a function which is used to expose the behavior of an object.
  Advantage of Method
  Code Reusability
  Code Optimization
  
6.
  A constructor is a block of code same as a method. 
  When Constructor is called -- It is called when an instance of a class is created and memory is allocated for that object.
  Rules for creating Java constructor
  There are two rules defined for the constructor.

  Constructor name must be the same as its class name
  A Constructor must have no explicit return type
  A Java constructor cannot be abstract, static, final, and synchronized



